#Data Analysis of where People look in Images
==============================

Eye- tracking is a technique that is used by many to study how humans process visual information. In medical studies, the use of eye-tracking techniques has significantly increased as it reveals how visual search and recognition tasks are performed and also provides with useful information that can improve human performance. Studying and analysing visual information reveals fundamental information about people, their interests and state of mind. Therefore, I will be studying the gaze patterns of three different types of group of people to study medical specialty practice and the degree of experience difference in medicine. In my project, I am going to analyse the data collected during eye-tracking experiment on medical x-ray images of breasts. As medical images are not self- explanatory, thus it constantly needs to be viewed and interpreted by medical professionals. Even the interpretation by medical professionals can involve errors due to the limitations of the human eye- brain system. While performing eye-tracking experiment, we use cognitive process which includes metacognitive process. This fundamental process generates vital interrelations that create resultant patterns of eye fixations. Thus, it becomes necessary to estimate and analyse the existing relationships within these generated and collected data of eye tracking. Analysing the quantitative data will help me understand and set up a base about the parametric dependency and reliance of eye movement on visual perceptions that controls and traces these processes. This will help me the comprehend the human mind better during the eye movement while looking at the x-ray images.